Cem Alemdar - calemdar
Nugzar Chkhaidze - nchkhaidze

The Deck Destroyer is a card based adventure game. You are Heisenberg and you will face three monsters.
In order to beat them you should use the cards which have special abilities.

You can use three diferent type of cards. Attack, Defend, Spell.  
    Attack cards do damage
    Defend cards prevent taking damage for one turn
    Spell cards do something special
        Draw card gives you a new card
        Heal increase the player's health
In the beginning all cards are in the deck, which is located at the left bottom corner.
Each turn 5 cards are drawn to the player. Or free spots for cards are filled up to 5 cards.
All the used cards move to the discard pile located at the right bottom corner.

Every card uses Mana, and mana regenerates after every turn (back and forth to the player), or when an
enemy dies. There are three different enemies. To win against all, you have to use your cards wisely. 
The game Ends if you die, or you kill all three enemies.
The first enemy is easy - It only deals damage at its turn
The second enemy is medium - It has more HP, deals damage and steals the card from player's hand
The third enemy is hard (BOSS) - It has a lot of HP, deals damage and steals the card from player's hand
If the enemy steals the card it gets stacked on top of the enemy.

The cards in the deck are limited, you might run out of them. Show us what you've got!


Some bugs we came across:
- Enemies can steal cards that are not in the game sometimes
- using some cards don't use the right amount of mana very rarely
- you can play cards on the enemies turn

Our plan was to have:
Create 10 Attack, 10 Spell, and 10 Enchantment cards (Done 3 Attack, 2 Spell, 1 Defend)
● What can cards do: 
○ Damage (Done)
○ Block  (Done)
○ Poison
○ Heal
○ Freeze
○ Buff damage
○ Extra mana
○ Draw card  (Done)
● Playing cards exhaust a resource (mana or gems), refreshes every turn  (Done)
● Create turn system to control game time  (Done)
● Basic monster behaviour: Attack, Defend, buff, debuff (or maybe uses the cards as well) (Done attack and steal card)
● Player and monster health (Done)
● Player deck, hand, discard  (Done)

We implemented all the core features for the game from our project plan.
We wished to have more variability with the card sprites and different abilities, but we decided it was more important
to implement the card system and the resource management, and to spend time debugging and polishing.

We have a FUN game, exciting, balanced game.
